XPaths in WS steps (#569)
EmbedITCZ/jbehave-support: jbehave-support-core/docs/Web-service.md

| contract.contractParameters.billingDay | 7    |                                            |
```

### Using XPaths in validation/saving response

> In case more flexible way to save or validate response is needed, XPaths can be used <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case more flexible way to save or validate response is needed, XPaths can be used. To use it simply start the value in the `name` column with `/`.
```

Just to make it a bit more clear and align with JSONPath md 🙂

This solution doesn't use namespaces
```
Then [NameResponse] values from [TEST] match:
| name                               | expectedValue |
| //relatives[1]/Name                | Sarah         |
| //relatives[1]/Relation            | Daughter      |
| //relatives[Name='Kamil']/Name     | Kamil         |
| //relatives[Name='Kamil']/Relation | Son           |
```
If using namespaces for XPaths is needed, use `mode` column with `NAMESPACE_AWARE` value
```
And [NameResponse] values from [TEST] are saved:
| name                                                                                   | contextAlias   | mode            |

> | //*["firstName"=local-name()]                                                          | JOHN_XPATH     | NAMESPACE_AWARE |

Reviewer: should the first row be with `NAMESPACE_AWARE` as well?

Author: It is there, isn't it? :O
